#summary Updates and Changes
#labels Featured

=== parseCSV 0.3.2 ===
*_Date: 1-Apr-2008_*

This is primarily a bug-fix release for a critical bug which was brought to my attention.

  * Fixed a critical bug in conditions parsing which would generate corrupt matching patterns causing the condition(s) to not work at all in some situations.
  * Fixed a small code error which would cause PHP to generate a invalid offset notice when zero length values were fed into the unparse() method to generate CSV data from an array.

*Notice:* If you have been using the "parsecsv-stable"
branch as an external in any of your projects,
please use the "stable/parsecsv" branch from this
point on as I will eventually remove the former due
to it's stupid naming.

=== parseCSV 0.3.1 ===
*_Date: 1-Sep-2007_*
  * Small change to default output settings to conform with RFC 4180 (http://rfc.net/rfc4180.html). Only the LF (line feed) character was used by default to separate rows, rather than CRLF (carriage return & line feed).

=== parseCSV 0.3.0 ===
*_Date: 9-Aug-2007_*
  * Changed to the MIT license.
  * Added offset and limit options.
  * Added SQL-like conditions for quickly filtering out entries. Documentation on the condition syntax is forthcoming.
  * Small parsing modification to comply with some recent changes to the specifications outlined on Wikipedia's Comma-separated values article.
  * Minor changes and optimizations, and a few spelling corrections. Oops :)
  * Included more complex code examples in the parseCSV download.

=== parseCSV 0.2.1 ===
*_Date: 8-Aug-2007_*
  * Fixed stupid code which caused auto function to not work in some situations.

=== parseCSV 0.2.0 beta ===
*_Date: 2-Jan-2007_*
  * Added auto() function to automatically detect delimiter character. Useful for user upload incase delimiter is comma (,), tab, or semi-colon (;). Some versions of MS Excel for Windows use semi-colons instead of commas when saving to CSV files. It uses a process of elimination to eliminate characters that can not be the delimiter, so it should work on all CSV-structured files almost no matter what the delimiter is.
  * Generally updated some of the core workings to increase performance, and offer better support for large (1MB and up) files.
  * Added code examples to header comment.

=== parseCSV 0.1.6 beta ===
*_Date: 22-Dec-2006_*
  * Updated output() function.

=== parseCSV 0.1.5 beta ===
*_Date: 22-Dec-2006_*
  * Added output() function for easy output to browser, for downloading features for example.

=== parseCSV 0.1.4 beta ===
*_Date: 17-Dec-2006_*
  * Minor changes and fixes

=== parseCSV 0.1.3 beta ===
*_Date: 17-Dec-2006_*
  * Added GPL v2.0 license.

=== parseCSV 0.1.2 beta ===
*_Date: 17-Dec-2006_*
  * Added encoding() function for easier character encoding configuration.

=== parseCSV 0.1.1 beta ===
*_Date: 24-Nov-2006_*
  * Added support for a PHP die command on first line of csv files if they have a .php extension to protect secure data from being displayed directly to the browser.

=== parseCSV 0.1 beta ===
*_Date: 23-Nov-2006_*
  * Initial release.